Add new GHAS questions (#131)
FidelusAleksander/githubcertified: content/questions/advanced_security/question-049.md

---

> question: "What YAML syntax should be used in a `secret_scanning.yml` file to exclude directories from secret scanning alerts in GitHub?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
question: "What key should be used in a `secret_scanning.yml` file to exclude directories from secret scanning alerts in GitHub?"
```

archetype: "questions"
title: "Question 049"
draft: false
---

> https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/secret-scanning/configuring-secret-scanning-for-your-repositories#excluding-directories-from-secret-scanning-alerts-for-users

> 1. [x] `paths-ignore:`
> 2. [ ] `paths-exclude:`
> 3. [ ] `ignore-directories`
> 4. [ ] `exclude-paths:`

Reviewer: You are probably using some markdown linter that changes this. I've had this issue in JetBrains (Pycharm)

```suggestion
1. [x] `paths-ignore:`
1. [ ] `paths-exclude:`
1. [ ] `ignore-directories`
1. [ ] `exclude-paths:`
```
